P or not P
(x or y) and (not y or z) implies (x or z)
x and (x implies y) implies y
(x or y) and not x implies y
(x implies z) and (y implies w) and (x or y) implies z or w
(p implies q) implies (p implies (p and q) )
((p implies q) and (q implies p)) implies (p implies q)
forall x. (x implies x)
not (p and not p)
(p and q) implies (q and p)
(p and q) implies p
(not a implies a) implies a
(not not a or a) implies a
(((p implies q) and (r implies s)) and (p or r)) implies (q or s)
((p implies q) and not q) implies not p
(p implies q) implies (not p or q)
(p implies q) and p implies q
(not(a and b) and a) implies not b
(p implies q) and not q implies not p
not(p and q) implies (not p or not q)
not(p or q) implies (not p or not q)
not(p or q) implies (not p and not q)
(((p implies q) and (r implies s)) and (not q or not s)) implies (not p or not r)
(((p implies q) and (r implies q)) and (p and r)) implies q
p implies (p or q)
((p or q) and not p) implies q
p implies not not p
not not p implies p
((p implies q) implies p) implies p
forall p. (p or not p)
p and not p implies e
(p implies (q implies r)) implies ((p implies q) implies (p implies r))
p and p implies p
p or p implies p
((p implies q)and (q implies r)) implies (p implies r)
(p implies q) implies (not q implies not p)
forall x. P(x) implies (Q(x) implies P(x))
not possibly (p or q) implies (not possibly p and not possibly q)
possibly(p and q) implies (possibly p and possibly q)
necessarily p implies necessarily (p implies q)
necessarily not p implies necessarily (p implies q)
necessarily p implies necessarily (q implies p)
(necessarily (p implies q) and necessarily(p implies not q)) implies necessarily (p implies not p)
(necessarily p and necessarily q) implies necessarily (p and q)
(necessarily p or necessarily q) implies necessarily (p or q)
(necessarily (p implies q) and necessarily(q implies r)) implies necessarily (p implies r)
(necessarily (p implies q) and possibly (p and r)) implies possibly (q and r)
possibly p implies (necessarily q implies possibly q)
possibly(p implies (q and r)) implies ((necessarily p implies possibly q) and (necessarily p implies possibly r))
(not necessarily possibly necessarily p implies possibly necessarily possibly not p) and (possibly necessarily possibly not p implies not necessarily possibly necessarily p)
(necessarily(not p implies p) implies necessarily p) and (necessarily p implies necessarily(not p implies p))
(possibly(p or q) implies (possibly p or possibly q)) and ((possibly p or possibly q) implies possibly (p or q))
necessarily necessarily p implies necessarily possibly p
necessarily necessarily p implies possibly possibly p
necessarily p implies possibly ( q implies p)
not necessarily (p and not p)
(necessarily p and necessarily (p implies q)) implies possibly q
possibly (( (p implies q) implies p) implies p)
not necessarily (necessarily (p and q) and necessarily (p implies not q))
(possibly not p or possibly not q) or possibly (p or q)
necessarily p implies necessarily possibly p
possibly necessarily p implies possibly ( p or q)
(necessarily p and possibly necessarily (p implies q)) implies possibly q
possibly (p implies necessarily q) implies (necessarily p implies possibly q)
exists p. p implies p
exists p. (p and q) implies p
forall p. (necessarily not p implies necessarily (p implies q))
forall p. not necessarily (p and not p)
exists p. ((p implies q) implies p) implies p
exists p. (p implies q) and q implies p
forall p. necessarily p implies necessarily possibly p
forall x. necessarily necessarily p implies possibly possibly p
forall x. P(x) and P(x) implies P(x)
forall x. P(x) implies not not P(x)
forall x. not necessarily (P(x) and not P(x))
